TimescaleDB 2.4 Release notes (#220)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/release-notes/index.md

For our next release, we plan to add:

> - Continuous aggregates for distributed hypertables

Reviewer: Are we committing to adding both features for the next release?

Author: These are current priorities. :)

behaviors to suit your needs.  
Some of these API updates are **breaking changes**.

### What's new in TimescaleDB 2.4:

This release adds new experimental features since the 2.3.1 release.

The experimental features in this release are:
* APIs for chunk manipulation across data nodes in a distributed
hypertable setup. This includes the ability to add a data node and move
chunks to the new data node for cluster rebalancing.
* The `time_bucket_ng` function, a newer version of `time_bucket`. This function
supports years, months, days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
 
We’re committed to developing these experiments, giving the community a chance to 
provide early feedback and influence the direction of TimescaleDB’s development.
 We’ll travel faster with your input! 
	

> Please create your feedback as a GitHub issue (using the experimental-schema label), describe what you found, and tell us the steps or share the code snippet to recreate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please create your feedback as a GitHub issue, and add the `experimental-schema` label.
Describe what you found, and tell us the steps or share the code snippet to recreate it.
```

behaviors to suit your needs.  
Some of these API updates are **breaking changes**.

### What's new in TimescaleDB 2.4:

This release adds new experimental features since the 2.3.1 release.

The experimental features in this release are:
* APIs for chunk manipulation across data nodes in a distributed
hypertable setup. This includes the ability to add a data node and move
chunks to the new data node for cluster rebalancing.
* The `time_bucket_ng` function, a newer version of `time_bucket`. This function
supports years, months, days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
 
We’re committed to developing these experiments, giving the community a chance to 
provide early feedback and influence the direction of TimescaleDB’s development.
 We’ll travel faster with your input! 
	

> Please create your feedback as a GitHub issue (using the experimental-schema label), describe what you found, and tell us the steps or share the code snip to recreate it.

Reviewer 3: snip -> snippet

Author: Corrected here and on the blogpost.
```suggestion
Please create your feedback as a GitHub issue (using the experimental-schema label), describe what you found, and tell us the steps or share the code snippet to recreate it.
```

Several bugs fixed, see the release notes for more details.

**PostgreSQL 11 deprecation announcement**

> PostgreSQL 11 deprecation announcement

Reviewer 3: I think line 55 ("PostgreSQL 11 deprecation announcement") should be removed -- repeats lines 53 ("**PostgreSQL 11 deprecation announcement**")

Author: ```suggestion
```

Timescale is working hard on our next exciting features. 
To make that possible, we require functionality that is available in Postgres 12 and above. 

> For this reason, from TimescaleDB 2.4 onwards PostgreSQL 12 or 13 are required.

Reviewer 3: For this reason, we are removing support for PostgreSQL 11 starting in the TimescaleDB 2.4 release.  For
TimescaleDB 2.4 and onwards, PostgreSQL 12 or 13 are required.

> For this reason, from TimescaleDB 2.4 onwards PostgreSQL 12 or 13 are required.

Reviewer: __
```suggestion
For this reason, PostgreSQL 12 or 13 is required for TimescaleDB 2.4 and onwards.
```

Author: ```suggestion
For this reason, we are removing support for PostgreSQL 11 starting in the TimescaleDB 2.4 release. For TimescaleDB 2.4 and onwards, PostgreSQL 12 or 13 are required.
```

## Unreleased

## 2.4.0 (2021-07-30)

> **Experimental Features**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Experimental features**
```

* #3293 Add timescaledb_experimental schema
* #3302 Add block_new_chunks and allow_new_chunks API to experimental
schema. Add chunk based refresh_continuous_aggregate.
* #3211 Introduce experimental time_bucket_ng function
* #3366 Allow use of experimental time_bucket_ng function in continuous aggregates
* #3408 Support for seconds, minutes and hours in time_bucket_ng

> **Bugfixes**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Bug fixes**
```
